now down to business for Carnival on
marks day for three-time Bathurst
champion a three-time pole sitter
obviously he knows the secret to do it
around here the HUD at piece of this is
that they actually have to process
information really quickly so when you
first get to the first corner he'll core
and then at the end of mountain straight
you've got to process how much brick
you've got so each quarter that changes
because you want to get one lap so as
you do it you arrive at that particular
corner turn the corner and then you got
to try to gauge how much fruit before
the next corner and the next one and so
on so it's in that respect it's really
hard I mean it's one of the toughest
laps of the year well if anyone's going
to do it it's this man he was knocking
on the door of a two minutes seven can
you believe it this mine to 0 8 1 9 and
the warm-up was beautifully balanced
across turn one
protests in the front
top of the exit purple strip this is the
braking area for turn - this is where
gardener went off yesterday with the
brake failure straight into that rule
ahead there
he's had the advantage of some
information from his teammate Jason
Brock's on the track is in good
condition now notice that mark was just
tapping the bike to make sure he had
pressure as he approached the cutting as
a terrific shot gives an idea the
delicacy involved the judgments the
decisions that are made
flat shift keep the throat
keep the clutch pedal look at this for
100 second in it between the two Holland
racing team Commodores boy Jason brides
lay down a tough time so far
this is the top of the same very very
busy on the pills again this excellent
nice fast ex and look at that he's found
Harper second on his team own across the
top absolute blistering place in Sector
two he's clearly taking aim at a 208 and
putting himself in the position to claim
yet another Bathurst hole position he's
good at fending champion on this track
he's teamed with Jim Richard to man who
he's won it with before twice 292
kilometres an hour as the Holden racing
team number one Commodore comes through
the chase no other car
the bottom of Conrad is this car so mark
made a beautiful exit same again into
the final corner of the car protesting
on the hard cut at 7,500 rpm in fourth
gear
he's got the times on the board Mark's
gave goes straight to the top of the
timesheets 208 8 to 8 a blister on line
but in limit button coming in the market
208 8 was a stunning lap but we can soon
that the grip level wasn't quite right
yeah we definitely lost a little bit of
grip then rust here compared to the walk
this morning was a bit cooler a bit more
cloud cover and actually changed the car
a little bit might have a bit too lively
at the back but that's not a bad left
for the conditions all right let's check
how they stand now after 14 manscape and
his co-driver Jim Richards 208 8 to 70s
the time to beat Brighton is 0 second
Richards then Kelly then Rick Kelly
bring you all the way down to Glen Seton
in 15th position remember Jones and bow
a next JB behind the wheel